Deploy SqueezeNet 1.0 INT8 (opset 12) model with ONNX Runtime on Azure Cobalt 100 (#6)
odidev/arm-learning-paths: content/learning-paths/servers-and-cloud-computing/onnx-on-azure/_index.md

---
title: Deploy SqueezeNet 1.0 INT8 (opset 12) model with ONNX Runtime on Azure Cobalt 100

minutes_to_complete: 60   

who_is_this_for: This is an introductory topic for the software developers who are willing to migrate their ONNX based applications from x86_64 platforms to ARM based platforms, or on Microsoft Azure - Cobalt 100 CPU based VMs specifically.  

> learning_objectives: 

Author: We discussed detailed points about azure linux docker and vm image in Java PR. Follow that here, as weel as in all azure specific PRs.

    - Provision an Azure Arm64 VM using Azure console, with Ubuntu as the base image.
    - Analyze performance on Arm Neoverse N2 based Azure Cobalt 100 VMs.
    - Perform onnx benchmarking directly on the custom Azure Linux ARM64 virtual machine.

> prerequisites:

Author: Docker is also required. Follow Java PR. We discussed everything there.

---
title: Deploy SqueezeNet 1.0 INT8 (opset 12) model with ONNX Runtime on Azure Cobalt 100

minutes_to_complete: 60   

who_is_this_for: This is an introductory topic for the software developers who are willing to migrate their ONNX based applications from x86_64 platforms to Arm based platforms, or on Microsoft Azure - Cobalt 100 CPU based VMs specifically.

learning_objectives:
    - Provision an Azure Arm64 VM using Azure console, with Ubuntu as the base image.
    - Learn how to create Azure Linux 3.0 Docker container.

>     - Deploy a ONNX based application inside an Azure Linux 3.0 Arm64-based Docker container, as well as Azure Linux 3.0 custom-image based Azure VM. 

Author: ```suggestion
    - Deploy an ONNX-based application inside an Azure Linux 3.0 Arm Docker container, as well as Azure Linux 3.0 custom-image based Azure VM. 
```
